To the leakers, Plusle/HutaoLover, Linze, Bbb, Thereallo, Kuroo and etc.
    So much of leaking in its current state when related to Genshin is an entire clout hierarchy. People (some more than others) leak with the goal of getting popular and having a persona around said leaking. People will backstab and share things they are not supposed to, people will share things without knowing the true context around them to be the one who did it first. This has gotten way too far, having some people who are leakers and have a public SNS account is no problem, there will always be notable leakers and people who share that information in any fandom. It is especially good to have people as dependable so fanart that is convincing can be gifted the verdict of ‘false’ same as a random text post from Reddit. 
There have been too many too quickly, there have been too many who get one insider tease and are now a so-called leaker by the masses. This is to end that, no more looking up to XYZ in hopes of getting a better-quality image. No more of that, as it is almost all here. 

To miHoYo/Hoyoverse, 
You are a multimillion company. You could tighten your security. You do not, however. At most on art there is a ridiculously pointless overlay that while it may detect “this was leaked.” It does not give anything of who, when why or how. It in addition is also so extremely easy to remove. They could individually watermark files with a more detailed thing, putting overlays on monitors, putting dates on things so if stuff is leaked there is a timeline, having more security in the building whatever it may be. miHoYo/Hoyoverse does not do that, we would not be in a situation where characters are leaked MONTHS in advance, where patches are leaked WEEKS in advance. Not just minute details, the entire thing. It is ridiculous and I hope that from this you may change this miHoYo/Hoyoverse.
    And while we are here, you should really release an art book for Genshin to show off concepts that never made it to be. Just like Honkai which you have no issue doing, so Genshin should not be an issue at all. Your company is so open to how easy it is to breach so its just a matter of time before somebody creates their own art book, you should try and get a profit at least.